Added documentation for self-service cron configuration (#4953)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/configure/setup-cron-jobs.md

```

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-info}
We use only this one cron for cloud projects due to the read-only nature of the environments. This configuration is different from {{site.data.var.ee}} which has three default cron jobs. See [Configure and run crons]({{ page.baseurl }}/config-guide/cli/config-cli-subcommands-cron.html) in the {{ site.data.var.ee }} documentation.

> ## Verify that crons are working

Author: Because this test is really about determining whether your project has been configured for self-service enablement.  I can find a better way to word this.

> You can use the `crontab` command to view the cron processes configured in the `magento.app.yml` file.

Reviewer: It would be better to state the step action without calling a command or a pronoun.

```suggestion
View the cron processes configured in the `magento.app.yml` file.
```

> You can use the `crontab` command to view the cron processes configured in the `magento.app.yml` file.

Reviewer: Actually, I misread. I thought I was looking at a step. Yeah, this is almost repetitive, in a way.

```

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-info}
We use only one cron for {{site.data.var.ece}} projects because of the nature of read-only environments. This configuration is different from {{site.data.var.ee}}, which has three default cron jobs. See [Configure and run crons]({{ page.baseurl }}/config-guide/cli/config-cli-subcommands-cron.html) in the {{ site.data.var.ee }} documentation.

## Verify cron configuration

> Magento added an auto-crons configuration feature to view and manage the cron configuration from the `.magento.app.yaml` file on all environments without requiring a support ticket–including Pro Staging and Production. This feature improves cron processing and simplifies the process to verify cron configuration and review cron processing information.

Author: ```suggestion
Magento added an auto-crons configuration feature to support self-service cron configuration options from the `.magento.app.yaml` file on all environments–including Pro Staging and Production, without requiring a support ticket. This feature improves cron processing and simplifies the process to verify cron configuration and review cron processing information.
```

> Magento added an auto-crons configuration feature to view and manage the cron configuration from the `.magento.app.yaml` file on all environments without requiring a support ticket–including Pro Staging and Production. This feature improves cron processing and simplifies the process to verify cron configuration and review cron processing information.

Author: ```suggestion
Magento added an auto-crons configuration feature to view and manage the cron configuration from the `.magento.app.yaml` file on all environments without requiring a support ticket–including Pro Staging and Production. This feature improves cron processing and simplifies the process to verify cron configuration.
```

####  To review cron configuration

1. Log in to the {{site.data.var.ece}} project environment using [SSH]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/env/environments-ssh.html#ssh).

1. List the scheduled cron processes.

   ```bash
   crontab -l
   ```

The following example shows the crontab output for an environment that has only the default crons configuration:

```terminal
username@hostname:~$ crontab -l
# Crontab is managed by the system, attempts to edit it directly will fail.
SHELL=/etc/platform/6fck2obu3244c/cron-run
MAILTO=""

# m h  dom mon dow  job_name

* * * * *           cronrun
```

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-info}

> If the command returns a `Command not found` error, submit a support ticket to enable the auto-crons feature on the Cloud infrastructure for your {{ site.data.var.ece }} project.

Author: ```suggestion
If the command returns a `Command not found` error, submit a support ticket to enable the auto-crons feature on the Cloud infrastructure for your {{site.data.var.ece}} project.
```

    ```yaml
    crons:
        magento:
            spec: '* * * * *'
            cmd: 'php bin/magento cron:run'
        productcatalog:
            spec: '20 */8 * * *'
            cmd: 'bin/magento export:start catalog_product_category'
    ```

1. Save the file and push updates to the Git branch to redeploy your Cloud project with the latest cron configuration settings.

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-info}
If you discover that configuration changes are not applied to Staging and Production sites after you redeploy and do not see any related error messages in the log, submit a Support ticket that describes the attempted configuration changes. Include any updated YAML configuration files in the ticket.

## Update custom cron jobs {#update}

To add, remove, or update a custom cron job, change the configuration in the `crons` section of the `.magento.app.yaml` file for the Integration environment. Then, test the updates in the Integration environment before pushing the changes to the Production and Staging environments.

## Troubleshooting cron jobs

> Magento has updated the ece-tools package to optimize cron processing on the Cloud platform and to fix cron-related issues. If you are having problems with cron processing, make sure that your project is using the most current version of the ece-tools package. See [Upgrades and patches]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/project/project-upgrade-parent.html).

Reviewer: Use variables where possible:

```suggestion
Magento has updated the `{{site.data.var.ct}}` package to optimize cron processing on the {{site.data.var.ece}} platform and to fix cron-related issues. If you are having problems with cron processing, make sure that your project is using the most current version of the ece-tools package. See [Upgrades and patches]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/project/project-upgrade-parent.html).
```

Author: I think we'll need to update the way we refer to the Cloud product/project name to reflect new branding guidelines, which will be easier to do as a Global change.  I had forgotten about the ece-tools variable.

```yaml
crons:
    spec: "00 */8 * * *"
    cmd: "/usr/bin/php /app/abc123edf890/bin/magento export:start catalog_category_product"
```

> In this example, `<path to php binary>` is `/usr/bin/php`. The install directory which includes the Project ID is `/app/abc123edf890/bin/magento`, and the script action is `import:start catalog_category_product`.

Author: ```suggestion
In this example, `<path-to-php-binary>` is `/usr/bin/php`. The install directory, which includes the Project ID is `/app/abc123edf890/bin/magento`, and the script action is `export:start catalog_category_product`.
```

## Add custom cron jobs to your project {#add-cron}

> On the Magento Cloud platform, you configure custom cron jobs by adding them to the [`.magento.app.yaml`]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/project/project-conf-files_magento-app.html) file in the `crons` section.

Author: ```suggestion
On the {{ site.data.var.ece }} platform, you configure custom cron jobs by adding them to the [`.magento.app.yaml`]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/project/project-conf-files_magento-app.html) file in the `crons` section.
```

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-info}
The default cron interval for all environments provisioned in the US-3, EU-3, and AP-3 regions is 1 minute. The default cron interval in all other regions is 5 minutes for Pro Integration environments and 1 minute for Pro Staging and Production environments. You cannot configure more frequent intervals than the default minimums.

### Prerequisite

> Your {{site.data.var.ece}} project must have the [auto-crons feature](#verify-cron-configuration) before you can add custom cron jobs to Staging and Production environments. If it is not enabled, submit a Magento Support ticket.

Author: ```suggestion
The  [auto-crons feature](#verify-cron-configuration) must be enabled on your {{site.data.var.ece}} project before you can add custom cron jobs to Staging and Production environments using `.magento.app.yaml`. If this feature is not enabled, submit a Magento Support ticket.
```
